README.md, before:

# BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management

## Vendor Overview

BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management allows organizations to:

> Enforce least privilege dynamically to prevent malware, ransomware, and identity-based attacks, achieve compliance across Windows, macOS, and Linux endpoints, and enable your zero trust strategy — without compromising on productivity. [Learn more](https://www.beyondtrust.com/products/endpoint-privilege-management)

---

## [BeyondTrust EPM Flexibilities.zsh](BeyondTrust%20EPM%20Flexibilities.zsh)
> Easily assign macOS computers to a BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management High, Medium or Low Workstyle Flexibility via a Jamf Pro Script Parameter

<img src="images/PMfM_Flexibilities_Hero.png" width="500">

While BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management for Windows policy Workstyles can be filtered based on Microsoft Entra ID groups — as of this writing — macOS policy Workstyles cannot. For macOS, each users’ account must be added to an existing local group for every Mac in your fleet.

[Continue reading …](https://snelson.us/2024/08/beyondtrust-epm-flexibilities/)

---

## [BeyondTrust EPM Inspector.zsh](BeyondTrust%20EPM%20Inspector.zsh)
> Leverage swiftDialog to display a user-friendly message about the health of BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management for Mac, while capturing various under-the-hood settings behind-the-scenes

<img src="images/PMfM_Inspector_Hero.png" width="500">

During a recent case with BeyondTrust Support, we were asked to obtain the output of several elevated Terminal commands from the affected user’s Mac.

While certainly not a replacement for CaptureConfig.app, BeyondTrust EPM Inspector.zsh allows affected end-users to self-diagnose EPM-related issues and captures its output to a Jamf Pro Policy Log, which can be easily shared with BeyondTrust Support representatives, without the “let’s-schedule-a-remote-support-session” requirements of the CaptureConfig.app.

[Continue reading …](https://snelson.us/2024/08/beyondtrust-epm-inspector/)

---

## [BeyondTrust EPM: Racing Stripes](https://snelson.us/2024/08/beyondtrust-epm-racing-stripes/)

> A collection of racing stripes for BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management on macOS

<img src="images/PMfM_Racing_Stripes_Hero.png" width="400">

The following racing stripes proved helpful in our initial deployment and ongoing support of BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management for macOS.

[Continue reading …](https://snelson.us/2024/08/beyondtrust-epm-racing-stripes/)

---

## Scripts
### [BeyondTrust EPM Health.bash](BeyondTrust%20EPM%20Health.bash)
> A Jamf Pro Extension Attribute which determines the health of BeyondTrust Privilege Management for Mac

### [Setup Your Mac Validation: BeyondTrust Privileged Access Management.bash](https://github.com/setup-your-mac/Setup-Your-Mac/blob/main/Validations/BeyondTrust%20Privileged%20Access%20Management.bash)
> A script which determines the health of BeyondTrust Privilege Management for Mac

### [Local Administrative Rights Remove.bash](Local%20Administrative%20Rights%20Remove.bash)
> Removes admin rights from adminstrators NOT specificially listed in `approvedAdmins`

Commit message:

Workstyle EA (0.0.1)
Signed-off-by: Dan K. Snelson <dan@snelson.us>

README.md, after:

# BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management

## Vendor Overview

BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management allows organizations to:

> Enforce least privilege dynamically to prevent malware, ransomware, and identity-based attacks, achieve compliance across Windows, macOS, and Linux endpoints, and enable your zero trust strategy — without compromising on productivity. [Learn more](https://www.beyondtrust.com/products/endpoint-privilege-management)

---

## [BeyondTrust EPM Flexibilities.zsh](BeyondTrust%20EPM%20Flexibilities.zsh)
> Easily assign macOS computers to a BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management High, Medium or Low Workstyle Flexibility via a Jamf Pro Script Parameter

<img src="images/PMfM_Flexibilities_Hero.png" width="500">

While BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management for Windows policy Workstyles can be filtered based on Microsoft Entra ID groups — as of this writing — macOS policy Workstyles cannot. For macOS, each users’ account must be added to an existing local group for every Mac in your fleet.

[Continue reading …](https://snelson.us/2024/08/beyondtrust-epm-flexibilities/)

---

## [BeyondTrust EPM Inspector.zsh](BeyondTrust%20EPM%20Inspector.zsh)
> Leverage swiftDialog to display a user-friendly message about the health of BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management for Mac, while capturing various under-the-hood settings behind-the-scenes

<img src="images/PMfM_Inspector_Hero.png" width="500">

During a recent case with BeyondTrust Support, we were asked to obtain the output of several elevated Terminal commands from the affected user’s Mac.

While certainly not a replacement for CaptureConfig.app, BeyondTrust EPM Inspector.zsh allows affected end-users to self-diagnose EPM-related issues and captures its output to a Jamf Pro Policy Log, which can be easily shared with BeyondTrust Support representatives, without the “let’s-schedule-a-remote-support-session” requirements of the CaptureConfig.app.

[Continue reading …](https://snelson.us/2024/08/beyondtrust-epm-inspector/)

---

## [BeyondTrust EPM: Racing Stripes](https://snelson.us/2024/08/beyondtrust-epm-racing-stripes/)

> A collection of racing stripes for BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management on macOS

<img src="images/PMfM_Racing_Stripes_Hero.png" width="400">

The following racing stripes proved helpful in our initial deployment and ongoing support of BeyondTrust Endpoint Privilege Management for macOS.

[Continue reading …](https://snelson.us/2024/08/beyondtrust-epm-racing-stripes/)

---

## Scripts
### [BeyondTrust EPM Health.bash](BeyondTrust%20EPM%20Health.bash)
> A Jamf Pro Extension Attribute which determines the health of BeyondTrust Privilege Management for Mac

### [BeyondTrust PMfM Workstyle.zsh](BeyondTrust%20PMfM%20Workstyle.zsh)
> A Jamf Pro Extension Attribute which Determines the last logged-in user's assigned BeyondTrust Workstyle, presuming the use of [BeyondTrust EPM: Flexibilities](https://snelson.us/2024/08/beyondtrust-epm-flexibilities/)

### [Setup Your Mac Validation: BeyondTrust Privileged Access Management.bash](https://github.com/setup-your-mac/Setup-Your-Mac/blob/main/Validations/BeyondTrust%20Privileged%20Access%20Management.bash)
> A script which determines the health of BeyondTrust Privilege Management for Mac

### [Local Administrative Rights Remove.bash](Local%20Administrative%20Rights%20Remove.bash)
> Removes admin rights from adminstrators NOT specificially listed in `approvedAdmins`
